# Hyperchip Introduction
Hyperchip Technology is focused on the core mission of providing a value for money and highly effective service to our customers while promoting the use of AI (Artificial Intelligence) in  organizations around the world. We are a multicultural team from top Chinese universities that wants to help organizations discover and reap the benefits of incorporating AI systems. Join us to explore the world of AI

Hangzhou Hyperchip Software Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in 2022 by a team of talented engineers from top Chinese universities "working and conducting research in the AI industry. Our vision is to develop the Artificial Intelligence market by providing useful resources that help companies increase their productivity and save both time and money thanks to our team's expertise.
Our biggest advantage is our multicultural international team (5 nationalities from 3 different continents), with rich and various educational backgrounds. Our target market is international. Here in China, we understand the local and cultural differences in the software development industry. We aim to look for cooperation with different firms that aim to globalize and internationalize their existing products and solutions. We can also export existing products and standardize them for the international market.
Hyperchip Technology consists of a team of  talented engineers who are highly skilled in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Computer Vision, we specialize in providing  modern AI solutions to help companies and governments. Our team also  includes DevOps engineers who can deploy  our solutions on the web, through a website or mobile application.
Delivering high quality products and providing high quality service is our top priority.
